you know what's going on everybody
assuming oh my god it's a game played
it's not on raid again see I told you
guys you guys really don't understand
how easy it is for me to get gameplay on
raid the people that play against I
think I've got like a week's worth of a
gameplay but you guys are gonna be
watching an 80 and nine on the map
overflow i'm gonna be using the Warthog
the lodestar in the VTOL warship and i
get a bunch of senseless deaths in this
game play and you guys will get a chance
to see exactly what those are and i was
actually gonna talk about that in this
game and raging and like deaths that you
can't really help like there's certain
deaths in here one is coming up right
now actually where I'm pushing up in the
back of the spawn I know we got these
guys spawn trapped and I'm playing solo
I do play with color blind assist on but
look at this kid so I thought that I
would be able to take him I should have
just run away from that gunfight but
look at what he had he had old silenced
lmg with the target finder an attack
insertion now you guys will see him two
or three more times in this game play
and he kills me off on my shrieks every
time now I could have helped that first
death I could have shot him I could have
pulled away I shouldn't have gone back I
shouldn't got greedy but I felt as
though that I'd be able to take that kid
and he had a better gun he had a better
site a cheaper site and a more bullshit
weapon but that's beside the point the
fact is he he's in a better position I
shouldn't have pushed that gun fight I
should have I should have you know SAT
back I should have waited I should have
at least waited for my health to
regenerate instead of hopping around
that corner and then giving myself
another death and I really didn't need
and that's just one of them things it's
call of duty does that to you because
you want you want to get that kill you
want to be like oh my god I'm gonna kill
this kid I'm gonna kill this kid I'm
going to kill this kid because it's that
vindictiveness is that it call of duty
praise on the revenge and the
vindictiveness of the human uh you know
the human behavior I mean like if you
get killed by somebody on a killstreak
you want payback if somebody kills you
more than twice you're gonna want
payback so the minute that you get a
chance to get payback you're going to
seize that chance but see the problem is
with
and that's when somebody else can come
in and kill you and that's how people
tend to get you off your game when you
play cod it's like if somebody tries to
kill you in this game you're on a kill
streak and they actually succeed you get
pissed so you go try and hunt them down
you try and slay the enemy team and you
end up you end up forgetting that you're
here to win but you're also here to get
a good score line that's what that's
that's what I try to do when I play call
of duty if I see that I can't get a good
score line at the end of the game play I
decide to go for the W because the W is
all that matters if I can get both then
I go for both and that's how you're
supposed to play you're not just always
supposed to play it's like oh it's all
about kills it's all about this it's all
about this know you want to get the W
and you want to do it with the least
amount of death is humanly possible and
that just goes into thinking about the
decision-making that you have to do in
cod I mean I know that this is a basic
arcade first-person shooter but you know
there are things that you have to learn
rush routes rush routes where people are
going to be how the spawns work there
are certain things that you need to know
when you play cod if you want to do well
and I kind of see how other communities
look down at us like I think it's funny
how other communities look down at cod
and call it childish and how MLG and gb
stuff is stupid but we say the same
thing about them maybe it's maybe it's
just all around just the you know we all
have the same thing but look you see
that's the same kid who was sitting in
the back of the spawn on the other side
of the map he was sitting over here now
I had completely forgotten that he had a
tack insertion and I should have kept
running to my left and I would have
avoided this death here but this is the
definition of a bad player this is a
definition of a wings of redemption
subscriber or wings of redemption
himself he ends up losing a game because
he sits in the back of the mouth with a
target finder going 5 and 3 with 2
defends or freaking two captures and
here again I was on another streak my
teammate blocked the door and look who
kills me yet again still sitting in the
back of the spawn still camping and he
barely he barely killed me see those are
those deaths that you can't avoid I
couldn't have avoided that death I
wouldn't even thinking about that kid
again and then he's like nine and three
I think he gets one workout at the end
of this gameplay my point is there are
certain things you can avoid and there
are certain things that you can avoid
but that those two deaths I could have
and
here you see me coming back here to
murder this kid but he's just sitting in
the corner bouncing betty tak insertion
is such a joke man but look all you
gotta do is think when you play think
about people's routes think about what
is the what where are people going to be
where do people like to sit and figure
out a way to counter where they're
camping so I hope you guys enjoyed this
commentary i hope you enjoyed the
gameplay if you guys like my voice if
you guys like this gameplay if you like
my channel go ahead and click that thing
in the top right hand corner and go
ahead and hit that subscribe button if
you want to see a previous video click
that thing in the bottom right hand
corner don't forget to follow me on
twitter i'm too i'm out peace